Update cl-specs.md (#361)
eth-protocol-fellows/protocol-studies: docs/wiki/CL/cl-specs.md

> :warning: This article is a [stub](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Stub), help the wiki by [contributing](/contributing.md) and expanding it.

> The Ethereum network began its journey as a proof-of-work (PoW) blockchain, designed to transition to a proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus mechanism after its initial bootstrap phase. This transition is pivotal for enhancing scalability, security, and sustainability within the Ethereum ecosystem. The research that facilitated this shift culminated in a consensus mechanism that combines the principles of Casper and GHOST, as articulated in the [Gasper paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2003.03052).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ethereum network began its journey as a proof-of-work (PoW) blockchain, with plans to transition to a proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus mechanism after its initial bootstrap phase. This transition is pivotal for enhancing scalability, security, and sustainability within the Ethereum ecosystem. The research working on the PoS design resulted in a consensus mechanism that combines the principles of Casper-FFG and GHOST, described in [Gasper paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2003.03052).
```

> Consensus Mechanism

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Consensus Mechanism

Ethereum consensus is a combination of Casper and GHOST, check the [overview](https://epf.wiki/#/wiki/CL/overview) of the mechanism. 
```

> Casper: This is a family of PoS protocols that ensures validators are incentivized to act honestly. It introduces slashing conditions, where malicious or negligent behavior can lead to a loss of staked assets, thereby promoting a secure and reliable network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Casper-FFG is a family of PoS protocols that ensures validators are incentivized to act honestly. It introduces slashing conditions, where malicious or negligent behavior can lead to a loss of staked assets, thereby promoting a secure and reliable network. It enables mechanism in which blocks with high enough participation are considered final and introduces weak subjectivity with high penalty for validators attempting to change the finalized history. 
```

> GHOST (Greedy Heaviest Observed Subtree): This protocol enhances the efficiency of block propagation and finality by allowing nodes to consider not just the longest chain but also the heaviest subtree of blocks. This approach helps in reducing the impact of stale blocks and improves the overall throughput of the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GHOST (Greedy Heaviest Observed Subtree) is a the fork choice mechanism dictating latest tip of the chain. In practice  protocol that enhances the efficiency of block propagation and finality by allowing nodes to consider not just the longest chain but also the heaviest subtree of blocks. This approach helps in reducing the impact of stale blocks and improves the overall throughput of the network.
```
